Documentation

Questions
Answer the following questions in full sentences. Please break out your answers into
individual paragraphs so that they are easier to parse.

● What is the intended purpose of your application?

The purpose of this application is to allow the user to search for recipes. 
If the user has a "paid" profile subscription, they will then have additional access to add their own recipe on a new page.
Meanwhile, normal profile users will be able to search for any recipe throughout the site by the name.


● What data will be stored and delivered by the API?

The user account information (username/password/paid profile). 
Also, the recipes will be stored in the api so the user can access them accordingly. 

● What work has been completed for this prototype?
-Login/Logout
-Subscription page access to only subscribed members
-Ability to add recipes
-Be able to search recipes by recipe name

● What work is left, and how do you plan to complete it?

Still need to complete the folowing: 
1. Asthetically change the design of the site
2. Allow the user to change their subscription status and password 
3. (If time allows) Change input of recipe to be an input of a file instead.


● Do you have a plan for going above and beyond? If so, what is it?
If time allows, I would like to use express to allow the user to upload a file with their recipe instea of typing the ingredients in a text box.


● If you used any borrowed code or code fragments, where did you get them from?
What do the code fragments do? Where are they in your code?

recipe logo link: https://pixabay.com/vectors/recipe-label-icon-symbol-spoon-575434/ 
chef image link: https://pixabay.com/illustrations/cook-food-symbol-shape-dish-494022/
Profile image link: https://pixabay.com/vectors/icon-user-person-symbol-people-1633249/
The mongoose website was also a good resource for using .find and .findandupdate for the Recipe and account models.



Endpoint Documentation

URL: /recipeSearch
Supported Methods: GET, HEAD
Query Params: 
Description: 
Return Type(s): JSON